About 10 million people visit the Great Wall of China every year.
The construction of the great wall of China started around (770 - 476 BC) and took over two thousand years!
You can major in bra studies in China :p
In China, the PlayStation is illegal .
35 million people in China still live in caves.
As compared to the United States, china has more English speakers.
Edinburg was the first city in the world, which has its own fire brigade.
Unicorn is the official animal of Scotland.
Cleopatra, the last Pharaoh of Egypt, was not Egyptian, she was actually Greek.
Pyramid of Giza is the oldest of the seven wonders of the Ancient world, which is still in existence.
The longest river Nile runs through Egypt.
The largest pyramid in Egypt is build up of about 2 million stone bricks and each brick weighs 2 and a half tons.
The statue of liberty was made in France designed by Frederic Bartholdi and given as a gift to the United States of America.
The largest and smallest countries in the world are in Europe; Russia and Vatican.
The most visited place in Europe is Disneyland, Paris.
Green land in the biggest island in the world.
In Europe, the longest town name is Llanfair-pwllgwyngyll-gogery-chwyrn-drobwll-llan-tysilio-gogo-goch, which is located in Wales.
In Antarctica, there is only 1 ATM.
There are no polar bears in Antarctica, they are in Arctic.
Valentines day is also national condom day in the U.S.
In 1867, the U.S. owned Alaska for just $72 millions from Russia.
If you have $10 in your hand with no debts, you are a richer person than 25% of the Americans.
Nigeria has the highest rate of twin births in the world.
In Swaziland, Africa, 1 out of 4 adults are infected with HIV.
Nauru has the most overweight population in the world with over 95% of its population overweight. Incidentally, it doesn’t have a McDonald’s…
San Marino is the oldest state in world with a history dating back to 301AD. It is also the only state with more cars than humans with 1,263 road motor vehicles per 1,000 inhabitants.
Fiji is only country other than India with Hindi as an official language.
Bhutan is the only country to measure happiness instead of GDP (Gross Domestic Produce).
Lesotho, San Marino and Vatican City are the only sovereign states in the world landlocked by a single country on all sides, making them enclaves. Lesotho is landlocked by South Africa, the others by Italy.
The longest street in the world is Yonge street in Toronto Canada measuring 1,896 km (1,178 miles)
At 4 people per square mile, Mongolia is the least densely populated country.
Papua New Guinea is the most linguistically diverse nation with over 820 languages spoken.
